{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 index.html
\f1\b0 \
Title: Home Page\
\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720

\f0\b \cf2 places.html\

\f1\b0 Title: Restaurants and Cafes\
Text: \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}Caffe Centro\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}The Butler and The Chef Bistro\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}Ozone Thai Restaurant and Lounge\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}21st Amendment Brewery\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}Nova Bar & Restaurant\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}Mexico Au Parc\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}South Park Cafe\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720
\cf2 \

\f0\b companies.html
\f1\b0 \
Title: South Park Residents\
Text:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}Join.Me Button\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}CleAN\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}Dashline\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}Streamable\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}UXB\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}Highball\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}Something Good\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}Roboto\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}Taplet\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720
\cf2 \

\f0\b history.html
\f1\b0 \
Title: History of South Park\
Text: South Park is a small oval-shaped park South of Market, and it is the center of a neighborhood of the same name, and South Park Street, which encircles the park. This neighborhood was established in 1852, and it was modeled after a residential community in London. The main feature of the development was the large oval private garden in the center, 550 ft. by 75 ft., elaborately landscaped with hundreds of young trees and shrubs, accented with colorful flowers, and all enclosed by an ornamental iron fence. Today South Park is surrounded by coffee shops, restaurants and startup offices. There is a famous brewers, 21st Amendment, on the East side of the park.\
Images:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}South Park, 1853: San Francisco's first planned development, looking southwest from 2nd Street (Rincon Hill), Twin Peaks and Mt. Davidson in background. San Francisco History Center, San Francisco Public Library\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}South Park, 1865: looking northeast from 3rd Street (up Rincon Hill) San Francisco History Center, San Francisco Public Library\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}Horse Drawn Trolley at South Park, 1865; 3rd Street in foreground. San Francisco History Center, San Francisco Public Library\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720
\cf2 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720
\cf2 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720

\f3\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
}